# ===== Linux =====
base base-devel intel-ucode linux-firmware linux-zen linux-zen-headers

# ===== 图形 =====
intel-gpu-tools intel-media-driver libva libva-mesa-driver mesa mesa-utils
nvidia-dkms nvidia-prime v4l2loopback-dkms vdpauinfo vulkan-intel vulkan-tools
glfw-wayland lib32-nvidia-utils lib32-vulkan-intel

# ===== 音频 =====
alsa-utils helvum pipewire pipewire-alsa pipewire-jack pipewire-pulse
pipewire-zeroconf

# ===== 网络 =====
dhcpcd hostapd ifplugd inetutils iwd netctl openresolv wireless-regdb wpa_supplicant bind

# ===== 蓝牙 =====
bluez-utils

# ===== 维护 =====
chntpw cifs-utils dialog dmidecode dosfstools efibootmgr evtest gparted gperf
grub hdparm ntfs-3g openssh os-prober pacman-contrib usbutils
arch-install-scripts

# ===== 桌面环境 =====
bemenu-wayland hyprland hyprpaper kvantum kvantum-theme-materia lxappearance
lxsession-gtk3 mako materia-gtk-theme papirus-icon-theme pcmanfm-gtk3 polkit
qt5-wayland qt5ct qt6-wayland qt6ct waybar wf-recorder wl-clipboard wtype
xcursor-vanilla-dmz-aa xdg-desktop-portal xdg-desktop-portal-gtk
xdg-desktop-portal-hyprland xdg-user-dirs xorg-xwayland

# ===== 日常 =====
aria2 atril brightnessctl btop ffmpeg firefox gimp grim imagemagick imv inkscape
kdenlive kitty kooha krita mpv ncdu neofetch nginx obs-studio openbsd-netcat
p7zip pandoc-cli perl-image-exiftool ranger rsync slurp texlive-bin thunderbird
tmux traceroute tree unrar unzip virt-manager websocat wev wget whois wine zip
zsh zsh-autosuggestions zsh-completions zsh-history-substring-search
zsh-syntax-highlighting yt-dlp zxing-cpp

# ===== 开发相关 =====
gdb git jq man-db man-pages moreutils texinfo bear clang cmake go gtkmm-4.0
jdk-openjdk jdk17-openjdk jupyterlab libvirt libwebsockets libzip neovim nodejs
npm opencv pyright python-beautifulsoup4 python-jupyter-server-terminals
python-matplotlib python-opencv python-pylint python-pymupdf python-pynvim
python-requests qemu-base qrencode rust rust-analyzer tldr valgrind yapf yarn

# ===== 输入法 =====
fcitx5-im fcitx5-anthy fcitx5-chinese-addons fcitx5-material-color
fcitx5-pinyin-zhwiki

# ===== 游戏 =====
gameconqueror gamemode gamescope lib32-gamemode steam

# ===== 字体 =====
$(pacman -Ssq adobe-source) $(pacman -Ssq noto-fonts) ttf-fantasque-nerd
terminus-font
